adding gRPC gateway generator script (#4426)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway: docs/docs/related_projects.md

- Google Cloud Platform [HTTP/JSON gRPC transcoding](https://cloud.google.com/endpoints/docs/grpc/transcoding)

   A GCP product that behaves like the grpc-gateway.

- gRPC gateway project generator [gen-grpc-gateway-api](https://github.com/akoserwal/gen-grpc-gateway-api) 

>    A shell script can be used to generate a Golang project that utilizes gRPC-gateway and proto to expose a sample API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A shell script that can be used to generate a Go project that utilizes the gRPC-gateway and protobuf to expose a simple API.
```

>    Tutorial guide: [Automate gRPC-Gateway project generation in Golang with gen-grpc-gateway-api](https://akoserwal.medium.com/automate-grpc-gateway-project-generation-in-golang-with-gen-grpc-gateway-api-015759f1e51b_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Tutorial guide: [Automate gRPC-Gateway project generation in Go with gen-grpc-gateway-api](https://akoserwal.medium.com/automate-grpc-gateway-project-generation-in-golang-with-gen-grpc-gateway-api-015759f1e51b_)
```
